Update ESM v2 status (#1508)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/lambda/index.md

- [Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (MSK)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-msk.html)
- [Simple Queue Service (SQS)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-sqs.html)

### New Lambda Event Source Mapping implementation

Since v3.8, LocalStack uses a new default implementation for [Lambda Event Source Mapping](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-eventsourcemapping.html) (ESM) with improved reliability, performance, and AWS parity.
The new ESM v2 implementation is also compatible with the Java-based event pattern rule engine (`EVENT_RULE_ENGINE=java`) for better event filtering.

The improvements over ESM v1 include:
- Improved reliability through internal retries and separation of concern such that single exceptions or timeouts don't affect other event source mappings.
- Improved performance by enabling concurrent event source mappings rather than having a single thread handling everything.

> - Improved AWS parity, for example related to filtering, SQS polling, and (partial) batch failure handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved AWS parity, related to events filtering, configuring failure destinations, (partial) batch failure handling, and SQS, Kinesis, & DynamoDB Streams events polling.
```

> - Improved Kafka support for Amazon MSK and Self-Managed Kafka.

Reviewer: Should we mention limitations i.e currently no partial batch failure handling for Kafka or should this rather be a blog post?

Author: I think mentioning limitations makes sense in the docs. Feel free to add anything.
Ultimately, the docs could mimic the high-level features similar to the AWS docs and indicate what's supported and what not clearly.
